Add additional kerberos documentation (#17484)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: docs/metasploit-framework.wiki/kerberos/service_authentication.md

[*] Sending stage (175686 bytes) to 192.168.123.13
[*] Meterpreter session 6 opened (192.168.123.1:4444 -> 192.168.123.13:49738) at 2023-01-18 12:09:13 +0000

meterpreter >
```

Connect to a Microsoft SQL Server instance and run a query:

```
msf6 > use auxiliary/admin/mssql/mssql_sql
msf6 auxiliary(admin/mssql/mssql_sql) > rerun 192.168.123.13 domaincontrollerrhost=192.168.123.13 username=administrator password=p4$$w0rd mssqlauth=kerberos mssqlrhostname=dc3.demo.local mssqldomain=demo.local sql='select auth_scheme from sys.dm_exec_connections where session_id=@@spid'
[*] Reloading module...
[*] Running module against 192.168.123.13

[*] 192.168.123.13:1433 - 192.168.123.13:88 - Valid TGT-Response
[+] 192.168.123.13:1433 - 192.168.123.13:88 - Valid TGS-Response
[*] 192.168.123.13:1433 - 192.168.123.13:88 - TGS MIT Credential Cache saved to ~/.msf4/loot/20220630193907_default_192.168.123.13_windows.kerberos_556101.bin
[*] 192.168.123.13:1433 - SQL Query: select auth_scheme from sys.dm_exec_connections where session_id=@@spid
[*] 192.168.123.13:1433 - Row Count: 1 (Status: 16 Command: 193)

 auth_scheme
 -----------
 KERBEROS

[*] Auxiliary module execution completed
```

> ### Options

Author: Full credit to @smcintyre-r7 for the below parts 💯

Kerberos authentication requires additional options to be set. Some of them are prefixed with the protocol the module
is authenticating. For example, the PSexec module which operates over SMB would use the "SMB" prefix.

Required options:

> * `$PrefixAuth` -- The authentication modes this module supports. Set it to "kerberos" to use Kerberos authentication.
> * `$PrefixRhostname` -- The hostname of the target system. This value should be either the hostname `WIN-MIJZ318SQH` or
>   the FQDN like `WIN-MIJZ318SQH.msflab.local`.
> * `$PrefixDomain` -- The domain name of the target system, e.g. `msflab.local`.

Reviewer: I think using brace-expansion-like syntax would be more clear. Also, adding some examples will help to clarify the concept.
```suggestion
* `${Prefix}Auth` -- The authentication modes this module supports. Set it to "kerberos" to use Kerberos authentication.
* `${Prefix}Rhostname` -- The hostname of the target system. This value should be either the hostname `WIN-MIJZ318SQH` or
  the FQDN like `WIN-MIJZ318SQH.msflab.local`.
* `${Prefix}Domain` -- The domain name of the target system, e.g. `msflab.local`.
```

Author: I've updated to use this syntax, I've also added inline examples, and I've added a quick reference/example list above for winrm/mssql/etc before this section

* `DomainControllerRhost` -- The IP address of the domain controller to use for kerberos authentication.

Optional options:

> * `$PrefixKrb5Ccname` -- The path to a CCACHE file to use for authentication. This is comparable to setting the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `${Prefix}Krb5Ccname` -- The path to a CCACHE file to use for authentication. This is comparable to setting the
```

## Service Authentication 

Metasploit currently offers Kerberos authentication for the following services - see the below references for more details and examples:

- [[SMB Kerberos Authentication|Metasploit-Guide-SMB.md]]
- [[WinRM Kerberos Authentication|Metasploit-Guide-WinRM.md]]
- [[LDAP Kerberos Authentication|Metasploit-Guide-LDAP.md]]
- [[MSSQL Kerberos Authentication|Metasploit-Guide-MSSQL.md]]

## Common module options

Metasploit modules that provide Kerberos authentication use a common convention for Kerberos datastore option names:

### RHOST
The IP or Hostname of the target, DNS will be performed locally

### SmbRhostname
The rhostname which is required for kerberos, such as `host_name.demo_realm.local` 

### Username / Password
The credentials used to perform authentication

### Password
The password

### SMBAuth
The authentication method to use. By default this will be set to `AUTO`. This can be set to `kerberos` within Metasploit to perform Kerberos authentication

### SmbKrb5Ccname

> By default Metasploit will use its database storage to cache Kerberos tickets. This option can be set if you wish to use an external ticket from your filesystem.

Author: Updated using Spencer's most awesome documentation :+1:
